1st draft keyboard shortcuts page (#2316)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/insomnia/Keyboard-shortcuts.md

---

> title: "Keyboard shortcuts for Insomnia application"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Keyboard shortcuts for Insomnia"
```

content_type: reference
layout: reference
breadcrumbs:
  - /insomnia/

products:
  - insomnia

> works_on:
>   - insomnia

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think this line was making the[ frontmatter validator cranky](https://github.com/Kong/developer.konghq.com/actions/runs/16496769994/job/46644304387?pr=2316)

search_aliases: 
  - Tips
  - Keyboard shortcuts

> description: Refer to this page to find useful keyboard shortcuts to use in the Insomnia desktop application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about keyboard shortcuts you can use in the Insomnia desktop application.
```

    description: Focus and activates the HTTP method dropdown.
  - shortcut: |
      `Ctrl + L`
    action: "Focus URL"
    description: Move focus to the request URL field.
  - shortcut: |
      `Ctrl + Shift + G`
    action: "Generate code"
    description: Open the code generation window for the current request in various languages.
  - shortcut: |
      `Ctrl + Shift + F`
    action: "Beautify active code editors"
    description: Automatically format and beautify structured text, for example, JSON or XML.
  - shortcut: |
      `Ctrl + K`
    action: "Edit cookies"
    description: Open the cookie editor for the active domain associated with the request.
{% endtable %}

## Creating, duplicating, and managing requests
Use these shortcuts to help you create, delete, duplicate, and organize your requests into folders.
{% table %}
columns:
  - title: Shortcuts
    key: shortcut
  - title: Action
    key: action
  - title: Description
    key: description    
rows:
  - shortcut: |
      `Ctrl + N` or `Ctrl + Alt + N`
    action: "Create HTTP Request"
    description: Create a new HTTP request in the current workspace.
  - shortcut: |
      `Ctrl + D`

>     action: "Dulicate request"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    action: "Duplicate request"
```
